Yea now we will learn about function templates. see what are function templates, the functions which are
genetic. genetic in what sense, it's a generalized.
In what sense in terms of data type. see to understand generic functions that this template functions.
I have taken two example functions here, Max.
Max.
They are same, but the data type of these parameters are integers and these parameters are float.
So they are overloaded functions number of parameters are same.
But the data type of parameters are different.
So from main function if I call
integer C assign Max of 10,5,  then first function will be called and float
D assign Max if I say 10.5f,  6.9f then second function will be called
depending on the parameters these are float values so this function will be called, these are int values
so this function will be called, now thing to observe here is, we see the body of these function, the logic written
is as it is,   only the difference is in the data type see if x>y then return  X  else
return y.
If X >y return X, else return Y. logic is same, why to write the same function two times
when there is only  difference in the data type.
So can't I write a single function combining these two functions for any data type any type of data
Yes I can.
write.
So what I will do is Max, T template X and template y.return type is also template if x is greater than
Y return X, else return Y, then what is the T.
So here I will define template class t, so this is a definition of T which is defined as a class of
type template.
So now this T Is a template class so functions is a template function.
So I have written a same logic but instead of data type  see int, float, int float int float so only int, float
differences were there so that i have replaces with T.
Now let us see how it works.
Just think that these functions are not there.
I have written just one function now inside main when I say Max 10 comma 5.
This function will be called and this T will become integer.
The T will become Integer, and this will work as a  int function so it will work as a first version
and when I sat D assign Max these values again the same function is called and this becomes float this time
it will become float.
So this is float, so the same function work as a float.
So this works as this version.
So the benefit of function template is that I can write down multiple functions together as a single function.
where if there is a difference in the data type. so I just remove this.
You can see it clearly.
So this template function will not just work for int or float but it works for any data type you pass
or even if you pass the objects of your classes.
So this works perfectly for any type of data.
So this is one of the more powerful feature of C++ and this is confusing feature.
Also if you don't understand it you cannot use it properly.
or you scared of using this type of feature but this is more programmer friendly feature where this was
removed in other languages like java and c sharp but later they have introduced to some extent but
this is fully in the control of programmer in C++. so it is a very powerful feature.
Try to use it wherever it can work for you.
So try this by yourself.
I have written the program so again even I may be showing it practically.